Feature/php alpine update (#1097)
ekino/docker-buildbox: CHANGELOG.md

2023-06-30
----------
* PHP: update tools version (composer, PHP CS Fixer, Xdebug)

> * PHP : update alpine image version for PHP version(8.1 ,8.2), Iconv and Musl lib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PHP : bump Alpine, Iconv and Musl for PHP 8.1 and 8.2
```

Author: Changement appliqué
